welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're gonna review the horror box set
film bloodlust
if you've ever been morbidly curious
about the intricacies of human taxidermy
you should subscribe to the channel
let's get to it
we open on a sporting yacht where the
occupants are engaged in skeeting and
fishing and the captain is deep in the
bottle
betty asks johnny if she can get her
finger on that trigger but he has other
ideas
and his amorous ploy gets him judo in a
manner embarrassing to his masculinity
they are then distracted by a mysterious
island and decide to commandeer the
dinghy to go exploring
the sound of the engines drowns out
captain tony's feeble attempts to warn
them away
shore they decide to play pirates and
run off to a nearby treasure trove
composed of some fantastic detritus
in celebration they plan a native
clambake and head into the jungle in
search of banana leaves but old
soft-headed johnny falls into a tiger
pit and is rendered unconscious by the
slightest bump to the noggin
luckily help finds them mr bello
welcomes them to his jungle estate
explaining that he moved there after the
war
for peace and quiet and to satiate his
lust for big game hunting he convinces
them the jungle is too dangerous at
night so they must stay there and in
defiance of their protestations he has
his wife sandra escort them to their
rooms
later we see sandra and dean another
guest of the island involved in a
salacious affair and here they're
plotting an escape from the island which
is actually their prison when mr bello
busts in on them
dean has to hurriedly cover his erection
to avoid suspicion and it seems to work
as he's sent back to his room without
reprimand
meanwhile our main group decides to find
out what's what with this place and
split off to explore
johnny and betty make it about five feet
before being forced back into the room
where dean offers the lowdown on the
island pete and jeannie make their way
to a sub-basement which contains a room
with an aquarium for people and they try
not to scream as an employee partakes in
some taxidermy stuffing heads and
slapping guts around they arrive back at
their room in time to confirm the
incredible story sandra and dean just
finished telling the others
they learned that dean's been planning
an escape for a year and now's the time
to do some prep work because mr bello is
in the jungle hunting
dean's plan is to swim for a captive
boat moored off the shore in an alcove
the others have to then cover for him as
he gets away so he can return with help
the couple then dons their bathing suits
to make a go of it but apparently
weren't subtle enough
when we see betty and johnny again it's
been two days with no word from dean
they decide to get their own answers
proceeding through a secret door where
they're immediately greeted by mr bello
who eagerly shows off his trophies while
explaining he had to find a way to
satiate his escalating bloodlust after
the war
graduating from animals to people but
don't worry these victims are all nerdy
wells which include those who betray his
trust after showing them he has room for
more he sends them out later meeting
them to propose they play a game of
death
and pete is incredulous take it easy
johnny he must be kidding i mean
i mean there must be an explanation for
all of this isn't there even though you
saw the bodies
this is a game for men the ladies will
be held back to help him populate the
island and fulfill his manly needs
mr bello will pursue them with arrows
and they get a gun with ammo hidden at a
fixed point in the jungle
demonstrating he's quite the sportsman
captain tony and the boys find the ammo
quickly but there's only one bullet tony
then decides to go it alone while the
others circle back to the house to get
the girls
but the girls are the engineers of their
own escape playing dumb about breaking a
vase which gives shalamar a bout of deep
belly laughter but the joke's on him as
this was just a ruse to hide the sound
of them breaking the window
while out in the jungle mr bellow and
his trusty age shandor are gaining on
tony who's never felt more alive
brawny shoulders glistening under the
light of the harvest moon he doubles
back and takes his shot but learns that
he was supplied with a gun and ammo
but no one ever said it would have a
firing pin and you can't be mad for not
getting what you didn't ask for
tony begs for his life making impossible
promises i'll never make a mistake again
mr bello reconsiders but only
momentarily before reconsidering yet
again
as surprise and betrayal sweeten the
taste of murder back at the house the
girls continue escaping hoping to find a
weapon in the taxidermy room
when confronted betty is forced to judo
flip a henchman into an acid trough
they then run out where genie turns her
ankle requiring betty to mr miyagi her
back to health
bello picks up the trail taking a moment
to delight in the slow and miserable
death of his loyal trailboy
shandor our gang then meets up and takes
to the trees avoiding detection
new plan is to go back to the house to
get some guns and they manage to break
into the cabinet but are forced to hide
before they can acquire the ammo mr
bellow
bored with the hunt retires to his
office where he notices the intrusion he
finds them lurking in the dark and takes
advantage of the opportunity to test
out some poses for after they're dead
but right when they're all kind of
getting into it they're interrupted by
shandor
upset about the quicksand and leeches he
lunges at mr bellow taking shots like a
champ and then hugging his master deeply
before gently hanging him up on the rack
where they all stand around
and watch him as he bleeds out
this was another pleasant surprise and
with a run time of just over an hour
it's a quick watch
it also had more gore and horror
elements than what i would have expected
from a film of this time period if you
enjoyed the video
i'd love for you to become a part of the
channel by subscribing thanks for
watching